your old life is over you're gonna have
to accept that it's never coming back
not many men let alone an ex-cop can
handle a 25-year sentence Valdez manavas
ahi Skoda's inky meet Cassidy sea magic
was his shooter - so JP Jesse
mais named todo mundo kabhi kabhi Renoir
is new fence unnecessary chinks residual
today is the day and everything changes
one way or another
what's gonna change
I'm ready to die cassadee's uh he's a
cop he was a good cop and feels that
he's been set up and he's stuck in
prison now for 25 years for a crime he
believes he didn't commit and the movie
is basically about him trying to prove
he's proved his innocence in the most
extreme of circumstances jumpers jump
right exactly
this guy has that capacity but he's not
going over something's off yeah that's
what I'm thinking about what I thought
you waiting for something we think he's
a jumper it turns out there's a lot of
twists and turns in the story we're not
really sure why he's out there and now
it's a question of DeSimone attention
what's going on and we come to find out
that he's on the ledge to cover up a
massive heist that he's running across
the street
breaking into this guy's player stealing
the one of the biggest diamonds in the
world is a little bit kind of like it's
a large concept high-concept story but
if you can portray it and route it to
something that is real family loved
honor all of those things that my
characters going through while trying to
do this it does make it real para bellum
is really small so Spacey
I see Anna's nebera de Prado firaga Dada
zing Lucas sound
anonymous to do confront over gee that
was a huge challenge so that's why you
know you are out scouting all kinds of
houses and buildings with ledges but
none of them gave us any opportunities
to have cranes and move around the
cameras and so on and so on that's why
we decided ultimately to built this room
on top of that on top of a hotel
I don't know how Sam did as many hours
out there as he did I mean I know after
a certain point you probably get a
little bit more comfortable but I don't
think you could ever be totally
comfortable given that you're 26 stories
up in the air granite you are strapped
in leaning over it you know it it is
still terrifying Vikatan bang a beta do
abysmal Nutella seen it
you